README.md, before:

# dcmqi - FAQ

This is FAQ for the [dcmqi](http://github.com/qiicr/dcmqi) project.

Please ask your question in an [Issue](https://github.com/qiicr/dcmqi-faq/issues).
Make sure to search existing issues, as your question may already have been
asked and answered.

### [View Questions + Answers](https://github.com/qiicr/dcmqi-faq/issues)
### [Ask a new Question](https://github.com/qiicr/dcmqi-faq/issues/new)
_Please search first!_

Please use a short descriptive title for your question, and describe the
details in the comment field, if necessary.

We mark questions which have been answered as 'answered': if you would like to
help answer questions, you can use [this
search](https://github.com/qiicr/dcmqi-faq/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+-label%3Aanswered)
to find unanswered questions. 

## Notes:

#### Comment!

There are a lot of questions, and it is difficult for the dcmqi team to go
through the backlog and refine answers for older questions. If you think a
question hasn't been answered adequately, comment on it, and we'll look at it.
Unlike on the rest of GitHub, using :thumb: or '+1' is actively encouraged as a
way to show that a question should be brought back to our attention.

#### Use "WIP" in the question title to denote a "Work In Progress" answer.

Let's mark any Q/As with `WIP` when the answer is long, complex, and likely to
evolve over time. It is very important to signal when we think something is
roughly "a final answer", versus "a place to jot down notes and point others
for quick disambiguation". Many answers, like comparisons to other systems,
will be WIPs for a while.

#### Closing issues

We try not to close issues that have been answered adequately; leaving them
open makes them more easy to search and find, and improves visibility. Instead,
mark the question as 'answered'. Issues should be closed, however, if they are
duplicates, irrelevant, or poor quality. Sometimes we will maintain, curate or
edit an issue to ensure higher quality, too; we'll post in the issue when we do
that. 

#### Rendering to a page

All these questions and answers might be compiled into a webpage rendered at a
location to be defined.

#### Acknowledgments

We credit the IPFS project for coming up with the idea of using github issue
tracker as a FAQ repository. This repository and README.md is modeled after
http://github.com/ipfs/faq

Commit message:

Add pointers to the main documentation

README.md, after:

# dcmqi - FAQ

This is FAQ for the [dcmqi](http://github.com/qiicr/dcmqi) project.

Please ask your question in an [Issue](https://github.com/qiicr/dcmqi-faq/issues). Before asking the question, consult [dcmqi documentation](https://fedorov.gitbooks.io/dcmqi/content/). 

### [View Questions + Answers](https://github.com/qiicr/dcmqi-faq/issues)
### [Ask a new Question](https://github.com/qiicr/dcmqi-faq/issues/new)
_Please search first!_

Please use a short descriptive title for your question, and describe the
details in the comment field, if necessary.

We mark questions which have been answered as 'answered': if you would like to
help answer questions, you can use [this
search](https://github.com/qiicr/dcmqi-faq/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+-label%3Aanswered)
to find unanswered questions. Questions/issues that have been integrated into [dcmqi documentation](https://fedorov.gitbooks.io/dcmqi/content/) are resolved.

## Notes:

#### Comment!

There are a lot of questions, and it is difficult for the dcmqi team to go
through the backlog and refine answers for older questions. If you think a
question hasn't been answered adequately, comment on it, and we'll look at it.
Unlike on the rest of GitHub, using :thumb: or '+1' is actively encouraged as a
way to show that a question should be brought back to our attention.

#### Use "WIP" in the question title to denote a "Work In Progress" answer.

Let's mark any Q/As with `WIP` when the answer is long, complex, and likely to
evolve over time. It is very important to signal when we think something is
roughly "a final answer", versus "a place to jot down notes and point others
for quick disambiguation". Many answers, like comparisons to other systems,
will be WIPs for a while.

#### Closing issues

We try not to close issues that have been answered adequately; leaving them
open makes them more easy to search and find, and improves visibility. Instead,
mark the question as 'answered'. Issues should be closed, however, if they are
duplicates, irrelevant, or poor quality. Sometimes we will maintain, curate or
edit an issue to ensure higher quality, too; we'll post in the issue when we do
that. 

#### Rendering to a page

All these questions and answers might be compiled into a webpage rendered at a
location to be defined.

#### Acknowledgments

We credit the IPFS project for coming up with the idea of using github issue
tracker as a FAQ repository. This repository and README.md is modeled after
http://github.com/ipfs/faq
